good morning everyone we are in the studio
phytodesign next to me and Julia
Mikhina plant specialist pay
attention behind our backs now
amazing designs like her
called and why we need to know right
now
good morning this construct is called
Florarium is a device for
growing plant headlights we were
invented back in the nineteenth century
really everything new is good
forgotten old two centuries ago
florarium and already existed in the world
looked different but did the same
feature as modern flyer in
allows us to grow a plant in those
places where there is no such as sunlight
it can also be placed near
air conditioners where plants come from
the tropics will not grow what could be
then a dark hall or corridor office can
be no windowsills or very
small windows julia also build
modern in advance there are lamps for
lighting sun substitute is also
timer for convenience ie it includes
and turns off the light at the right time
you can fix the cover florarium a
easy enough and most importantly
to save time there is
double pan light them watering in the world
there is a huge number of forms
florarium of it can be not only
wall configurations but also floor
florarium can be made in the base in
the aquarium is to create
plants need conditions
microclimate we will not leave the viewer
from yummy amazed to our plants
dictionaries she has such plants can be
absolutely any but plus probably
florarium and the fact that we can plant
there are very moisture-loving requiring
frequent watering plants can be planted
some orchids burma or you make a noise
some exotic plants which
suffer from dry air there
drafts just take a flower to dry
we know
florarium and enjoys in the city
popular where their most often possible
meet enjoy at collectors and
lovers that I really want
take care of office space in showrooms
beauty cost florarium of
varies from two three thousand rubles to
20-30 thousand rubles
naturally it all depends on the complexity
any person can make designs
not necessarily an expert all pretty
just exactly like you transplant
plant in the ground for from the main thing so that
you had a capacious substrate but at the same time
should be loose julia trusted me
add water to the liquid should be
a little bit but if you don’t
leave for a month another from the city 15
minutes and everything is ready with us
that with the whole there is a picture and how it is
should look like
ground cover plants such as the chiton
and with the former will gradually close
the soil surface is not visible
will be
there will be such a full picture and alive
plants many keep pets
and probably not once faced with the fact that
cats eat plants here they are
reliably protected allergies are also not
sneeze dust does not accumulate
placed Alexander link
Yulia Mishina is giving top